# Langchain Projects

## Description
These projects showcase the integration of various Language Model Models (LLMs) and the development of chatbot agents. The purpose of these projects is to provide learning and practical implementation examples for LLMs.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Project Descriptions](#project-descriptions)
    - [Agents](#agents)
    - [API Server](#api-server)
    - [Chain](#chain)
    - [Chatbot](#chatbot)
    - [Groq](#groq)
    - [Huggingface](#huggingface)
    - [Objectbox](#objectbox)
    - [OpenAI](#openai)
    - [RAG](#rag)

## Installation
To set up these projects, you will need:
- Python 3.9 or a later version

Follow these steps to install the necessary requirements:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Install Ollama and the Llama3 or Llama2 models by running the following command in your terminal after installation:

```bash
ollama run llama3
```

## Project Descriptions
### Agents
This project demonstrates the creation of various agents using Langchain. It includes examples of how to set up, configure, and deploy agents that interact with different APIs and services.

### API Server
This project features a FastAPI server designed to generate creative content such as essays and poems through interactive endpoints. Utilizing OpenAI's GPT models and Ollama's LLaMA2 model, it delivers personalized responses based on user-defined prompts. The server includes endpoints for generating a 100-word essay on any given topic and crafting a child-friendly poem, making it a versatile tool for content creation.

### Chain
The Chain project showcases the use of chaining multiple LLMs together to create complex workflows and processes. It highlights how to combine different models and APIs to achieve sophisticated tasks.

### Chatbot
This project showcases a chatbot implementation using Streamlit, leveraging Langchain's integration with OpenAI's GPT-3.5-turbo and Ollama's LLaMA2 models. The application features two main scripts: one utilizing OpenAI's API and the other employing Ollama's API. Both scripts set up a user-friendly interface where users can input their queries and receive responses generated by the respective language models.

### Groq
This project demonstrates the integration of the ChatGroq model with Streamlit to create interactive applications for document retrieval and question answering. It includes two main scripts: one that sets up a demo using the ChatGroq model with web-scraped data and another that processes and embeds PDF documents for retrieval tasks. The application leverages Langchain's various components such as text splitting, document loading, and vector storage to provide accurate and context-aware responses to user queries.

### Huggingface
The Huggingface project involves integrating Langchain with Huggingface's model repository. It demonstrates how to use various models from Huggingface's extensive collection to perform different NLP tasks.

### Objectbox
This project demonstrates a document retrieval and question-answering application using Streamlit, integrating the ChatGroq model with ObjectBox vector storage. It showcases the use of Langchain components for handling document embeddings and creating retrieval chains. The application processes and embeds PDF documents into an ObjectBox vector store, allowing users to query the embedded documents and receive accurate, context-aware responses generated by the ChatGroq model.

### OpenAI
The OpenAI project highlights the use of OpenAI's models for various tasks, showcasing how to integrate and utilize these powerful LLMs for different applications.

### RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation)
The RAG project focuses on the Retrieval-Augmented Generation technique, which combines document retrieval with language generation to provide contextually relevant and accurate responses. This project demonstrates how to implement RAG using Langchain and various LLMs.
## Acknowledgments
These projects were inspired and built upon the tutorials and guidance provided by Krishnaik on his YouTube channel. You can find his excellent educational content [here](https://www.youtube.com/c/Krishnaik).
